Hi there.
Things are going really well in Washington, DC.
This city is very interesting,
I really like my job, and I have some good friends!
Speaking of friends … I see one now!
Marsha! Hi!
Hi, Anna. What’s going on?
Not much.
How about you?
Busy as usual.
Hey, do you wanna see a movie with me?
Sure!
I never have time to see a movie.
When?
Are you busy this Thursday at 6pm?
Let’s see …
I’m busy. I am going to tap dance with my friends Thursday night.
Tap dancing? That sounds fun!
I’m still learning.
But it is fun!
Are you busy on Friday night?
Yes. Friday nights are when I visit my parents.
What do you and your family do together?
We always eat dinner together and sometimes we play board games.
Playing board games is fun, too!
The word game Scrabble is my favorite.
I like Connect Four!
I’m not busy Monday night.
Are you?
I am busy on Monday night.
I’m going to jog in the park with my friend.
Do you jog?
Oh! I always jog.
Well, sometimes I jog.
Okay, I never jog.
But I will try because it is good for you.
I always feel great after I jog.
How about on Wednesday night?
Wednesday night I am not busy.
Oh, no, wait.
This Wednesday night I will be busy.
What are you doing?
I’m going to teach children how to play the ukulele.
The world does need more ukulele players.
Marsha, it looks like we’ll never have time to see a movie.
Wait a minute. Are you busy now?
It’s Saturday afternoon.
This is always when I do my errands.
Okay, but the new Star Wars movie is gonna start in 30 minutes.
I’ll do my errands on Sunday.
Let’s go!
Most days of the week, people are really busy.
But it’s important to find time to be with your friends!
Until next time!